fix: Add foreground state to app context in app hang events (#7801)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes

- Detect development builds via provisioning profile and debugger attachment (#7702)

> - Ensure app hangs have foreground app context (#7801)

Reviewer: `l`: I think this could be rephrased to be more understandable for non-SDK-maintainers

```suggestion
- Add foreground state to app context in app hang events (#7801)
```
